Server support of 0-RTT is optional (#158)
huitema/dnsoquic: draft-ietf-dprive-dnsoquic.md

## Session Resumption and 0-RTT

A client MAY take advantage of the session resumption and 0-RTT mechanisms supported by
QUIC transport {{!RFC9000}} and QUIC TLS {{!RFC9001}}, if the server supports them.
Clients SHOULD consider
potential privacy issues associated with session resumption before deciding to use
this mechanism. These privacy issues are detailed in {{privacy-issues-with-0-rtt-data}}
and {{privacy-issues-with-session-resumption}},
and the implementation considerations are discussed in
{{using-0-rtt-and-session-resumption}}.

The 0-RTT mechanism MUST NOT be used to send DNS requests that are not
"replayable" transactions. In this specification, only transactions that have

> an OPCODE of QUERY or NOTIFY are considered replayable and MAY be sent in 0-RTT
> data. See {{the-notify-service}} for a detailed discussion of why NOTIFY is

Reviewer: Lar's also made a comment requesting the use of MAY here be updated so suggest
```suggestion
an OPCODE of QUERY or NOTIFY are considered replayable and therefore other OPCODES MUST NOT
be sent in 0-RTT data. See {{the-notify-service}} for a detailed discussion of why NOTIFY is
```
